README.md, before:

# Init for app and how to start

- Delete Package Lock
- Npm i
- npm start
- 1:12

# Fourth Commit v0.0.4
- Add Snapshots
- Added Checkbox
- Added Content JS with Tasks and Hooks

** TO DO **
 - fix issues with firebase calling on hooks
 - fix issues with typescript
 - fix remaining issues on Hooks.js like 
    - unsub
    - data
    - archived
    - date

# Third Commit v0.0.3
- Added Firebase Init
- Added custom Hooks


** TO DO **
 - Add Custom Hooks
 - UseEffect
 - UseState
# Second Commit v0.0.2
- Added New Header file system | Sidebar
- Added Sidebar system with Logo and nav 
- Icons with Sidebar


** TO DO **
 - Add Firebase
 - Install node sass

# First Commit v0.0.1
Initilzied npm packages, took out css files, and headers 

** TO DO **
 - Add Headers
 - Add Sidebar
 - Add Icons

# Folder Struct 
Folder Structure




SRC Values 

    -src
        -Component
        -Layout 
        -Constants 
        -Hooks
        -Context
        -Helpers
        -__tests_
        - App.js
        - Firebase.js
        -Index.js
    -

Commit message:

Fixed bug with firebase init in npm package

README.md, after:

# Init for app and how to start

- Delete Package Lock
- Npm i
- npm start

# Fifth Commit v0.0.5

- Fixed bug with firebase init in npm package
- fixed issues with type script in hook.js, Content.js, and constants
- Fixed unsubscribe with firebase
- data no read in firebase
- fixed archived bug with firebase
- fixed date bug with firebase
- Added SCSS
    - mixins
    - global vars
    - light mode

** TO DO ** 
- add Dark mode in css
- finalize stlying and connect to front facing 

# Fourth Commit v0.0.4
- Add Snapshots
- Added Checkbox
- Added Content JS with Tasks and Hooks

** TO DO **
 - fix issues with firebase calling on hooks
 - fix issues with typescript
 - fix remaining issues on Hooks.js like 
    - unsub
    - data
    - archived
    - date

# Third Commit v0.0.3
- Added Firebase Init
- Added custom Hooks


** TO DO **
 - Add Custom Hooks
 - UseEffect
 - UseState
# Second Commit v0.0.2
- Added New Header file system | Sidebar
- Added Sidebar system with Logo and nav 
- Icons with Sidebar


** TO DO **
 - Add Firebase
 - Install node sass

# First Commit v0.0.1
Initilzied npm packages, took out css files, and headers 

** TO DO **
 - Add Headers
 - Add Sidebar
 - Add Icons

# Folder Struct 
Folder Structure




SRC Values 

    -src
        -Component
        -Layout 
        -Constants 
        -Hooks
        -Context
        -Helpers
        -__tests_
        - App.js
        - Firebase.js
        -Index.js
    -
